I'm looking to build a gamified location based video sharing app for apple and android stores. users can post up to 60 sec videos and drop them on a gps map where ever they are standing. Other users can see those videos on a map and walk up to them within 100 feet to unlock them and open them. Your location indicator will display your digital avatar. Around your avatar will be a circular transparency showing you what 100 ft radius on the map looks like. if there are multiple videos that fall within the activation radius, you will see a play button that shows over your location profile image. When you hit play the videos will play in a vertical scrolling feed like other major apps. When a users zooms out the gems should turn into colored dots instead of showing the icons to save visual space. When you zoom out far enough there should be some type of smattering. This creates a local network of videos for community members by community members. These videos are categorized by the user into things like art, products, reviews, services, education, events, games, fun, love. Each category is represented by different colored gems. Users gain XP by traveling to open the videos and the more they interact with the app. Users can watch the videos, comment, and leave video comments. They can create private groups to share with friends only. they can create public groups and when a public group posts a lot in a certain area they get to display a banner image with a visual boundary on the map to show they "own" that area. Users in groups should have a group text chat with end to end encryption. Users can view videos remotely by using digital coins to unlock the videos. There's a search to go to any location to see what's been posted elsewhere. The search should also be able to search key words like 'coffee' and they're shown the gems that have content from the transcript that matches the search. Users earn coins by opening videos in person. the app integrates Ready Player Me to allow users to have a digital avatar. We want to provide unique assets in a store to customize their avatars. Users can become collectors of other user's gems which is equivalent to following someone. When you follow someone you can see their profile picture above the gem on the map so you know it's from them. When viewing another person's profile you can see what gems they've posted but you can see the video you can just see the type of gem and how far away it is from your location. you can tap on the gem with will open the map and show you where it is on the map. when you tap on a gem you should be able to route yourself to it. Users can buy coins in packs. there is a banner ad at the top of the map for monetization. users can earn a coin by watching a 30 sec ad video for further monetization. Videos are analyzed by ai to prevent bad content from getting in the app. Users can flag bad content. The app can track where content is posted and take the captions from the videos to understand what kinds of things are posted where. Businesses can buy access to analytics to know where to post content by where people are talking about certain content. local businesses can drive foot traffic to their stores by posting videos in and around their locations and in location where customers are posting about their kind of business. Cities can communicate with citizens about local events going on, road closures that will happen, or city planning questions they may have. Gems that get a lot of activity get visually boosted to attract others. Businesses will partner with us to create quests where users are asked to post content in a certain area or to go to a place to open a gem to get access to coupons, discounts or other special offers. I want the aesthetic of the app to be trendy for Gen Z which will be blend of nostalgia with modern design, emphasizing community, self-expression, and personalization. I want the game mechanics to be good and allow for long game play. I want the map to have fog or fog of war on parts where a users hasn't been yet. they can use a coin to clear it at a certain radius to see the gems underneath. I want the different areas of the map to have cool game matching names to make the area things like (business districts, residential, parks, forest, public lands, federal lands, etc. Our company is called Jemzy and users can buy and earn Jem coins. We want people to have fun and have the same vibe as a theme park for introverts. I have figma screens for most of the features I've described I'm just not sure what is the most efficient way of getting them to you to make your job easier. The fonts used in the app should be Urbanist for the titles and bold components and Roboto for the body content.